Events docs revamp (#8360)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/how-to/how-to-use-the-admin-api.md

     https://app.unleash-hosted.com/demo/api/admin/features/Demo/toggle/on
```

> **Great success!** We have now enabled the feature flag. We can also verify that it was actually changed by the API user by navigating to the [Event Log](/reference/events#event-log) for this feature flag.

Author: ```suggestion
**Great success!** We have now enabled the feature flag. We can also verify that it was actually changed by the API user by navigating [Event Log](/reference/events#event-log) and filtering events for this feature flag.
```
